README.md, before:

# Membership Platform Dashing

## Introduction

This project is forked from the [core Dashing project](http://shopify.github.com/dashing) started by Shopify. It houses
dashboards in use by the Membership platform.

## Dashboards

### Availability

[http://memb-status.in.ft.com/availability](http://memb-status.in.ft.com/availability)     

The availability dashboard reports the availability of various business capabilities supported by various platform
services. Example: Ability to log users in, change user credentials, manage content access etc.
 
### Metrics exposed

#### Current availability

![login-current-availability](documentation-assets/login-current-availability.png)

Current availability of a capability is exposed in the form of color of the tile. The status is obtained by polling an
endpoint that exposes results of critical monitoring tests.   

* Green = available
* Red = unavailable
* Grey = status unknown

Clicking on the current status widget takes you to the source of the metric data. Example: https://login-api-at-eu-prod.herokuapp.com/tests/critical

#### Availability trend

![login-availability-trend](documentation-assets/login-availability-trend.png)

![login-pingdom-availability-trend](documentation-assets/login-pingdom-availability-trend.png)

A percentage figure for the total availability in the last 7 days is obtained from a pre-configured 
[Pingdom](https://www.pingdom.com/) check and displayed in a tile. 

Clicking on the tile takes you to the detailed availability trend page in Pingdom for a specific monitoring test. 
Example: http://stats.pingdom.com/56q7ie6hfq8y/1965634


## Developer guide

### Tech stack
* [Dashing](https://github.com/Shopify/dashing)
* [Pingdom](https://www.pingdom.com/)
* [Atam4j](https://github.com/atam4j/atam4j)

### Where is the app hosted?

Heroku - [https://dashboard.heroku.com/apps/membership-platform-dashing/resources](https://dashboard.heroku.com/apps/membership-platform-dashing/resources)

### Anatomy of the availability dashboard
TODO

Commit message:

Add note on the outcomes dashboard in the readme

README.md, after:

# Membership Platform Dashing

## Introduction

This project is forked from the [core Dashing project](http://shopify.github.com/dashing) started by Shopify. It houses
dashboards in use by the Membership platform.

## Dashboards

### Availability

[http://memb-status.in.ft.com/availability](http://memb-status.in.ft.com/availability)     

The availability dashboard reports the availability of various business capabilities supported by various platform
services. Example: Ability to log users in, change user credentials, manage content access etc.
 
#### Metrics exposed

##### Current availability

![login-current-availability](documentation-assets/login-current-availability.png)

Current availability of a capability is exposed in the form of color of the tile. The status is obtained by polling an
endpoint that exposes results of critical monitoring tests.   

* Green = available
* Red = unavailable
* Grey = status unknown

Clicking on the current status widget takes you to the source of the metric data. Example: https://login-api-at-eu-prod.herokuapp.com/tests/critical

##### Availability trend

![login-availability-trend](documentation-assets/login-availability-trend.png)

![login-pingdom-availability-trend](documentation-assets/login-pingdom-availability-trend.png)

A percentage figure for the total availability in the last 7 days is obtained from a pre-configured 
[Pingdom](https://www.pingdom.com/) check and displayed in a tile. 

Clicking on the tile takes you to the detailed availability trend page in Pingdom for a specific monitoring test. 
Example: http://stats.pingdom.com/56q7ie6hfq8y/1965634

### 2016 Business Outcomes

[http://memb-status.in.ft.com/2016-outcomes](http://memb-status.in.ft.com/2016-outcomes)

#### Where does the data in the dashboard come from?

Currently the data is pulled from the [2016-outcomes-data JSON file](/public/2016-outcomes-data.json) hosted in the repo.

To change the data shown by the dashboard, simply update the appropriate values in the JSON file and wait for 5 minutes!
(5 minute wait is because the JSON file response is served by github and cached by Github's CDN for 300 seconds)

## Developer guide

### Tech stack
* [Dashing](https://github.com/Shopify/dashing)
* [Pingdom](https://www.pingdom.com/)
* [Atam4j](https://github.com/atam4j/atam4j)

### Where is the app hosted?

Heroku - [https://dashboard.heroku.com/apps/membership-platform-dashing/resources](https://dashboard.heroku.com/apps/membership-platform-dashing/resources)

### Anatomy of the availability dashboard
TODO
